\input texinfo
@setfilename Dox
@settitle 3DViewer_v1.0

@copying
Made by Loretath, Longshot and Parfaitv on February 2023
@end copying

@titlepage
@title 3DViewer_v1
@vskip 
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top 3DViewer_v1.0
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* General information:: This section provides common information about 3DViewer.
* Bonus. Settings:: This section provides information about advanced settings which you can aplly.
* Bonus. Record:: This section provides information about the possibility of a recording small screencasts by a special button - the current custom affine transformation of the loaded object into gif-animation and also saving the captured (rendered) images as bmp and jpeg files.

@end menu

@node General information
@chapter General information

This project implement's  a program to visualise 3D wireframe models, which can be found in the standard applications of each operating system in the C programming language using structured programming.


@node  Bonus. Settings
@chapter  Bonus. Settings

Program allow the next options:
@* *customizing the type of projection (parallel and central);
@* *setting up the type (solid, dashed), color and thickness of the edges, display method (none, circle, square), color and size of the vertices;
@* *choosing the background color.

@node  Bonus. Record
@chapter  Bonus. Record

Our program allow the next options:
@* *saving the captured (rendered) images as bmp and jpeg files;
@* *recording small screencasts by a special button - the current custom affine transformation of the loaded object into gif-animation (640x480, 10fps, 5s).

@bye

